Hello!!!!

This is the source code to THE WAR'S HEAD INN

More specifically, to the Etym Press repository containing the hypertext
interactive manuscript to a telecommunications device, known as...

...

...

..........

....... The war's head inn, id'k, could have come up with a more dramatic way
to introduce this, but here we are!!!! At least there's always git revisions!!!



...

Anyway.


The aim of this little project in the Affero (that's the license of this
project) is to give us all an odd place in the interactive hypertext sphere to
work on a distributed/collective approach for the 2022 US State Legislature
elections!!!

This is kind of a corny website but I am actually serious about us all doing
this!!!!

So okay, hear me out...first things first, doing this Affero style, meaning
that a git-sha commit HERE always corresponds to the current deployment of the
code THERE, there being: https://etympress.com/

Getting this right is going to be tricky, and is going to take a lot of
commits!!! Probably a lot of odd mis-steps along the way, and at least several
hundred to tens of thousands of contributors, in code and in database
entries!!!

And I haven't even gotten to rambling about intertextual politics yet!!!!!

Sigh. Getting the tone right in a text document is troublingly difficult at the
best of times.

So I suppose campy style it is then...

I'll add some more documents to this here One-To-One deployment:portal
instantiation that perhaps have the Correct Tone For Serious Work Like
Legislative Distributed Systems Politics, and, oh, I don't know, UN Climate
Change Reports, but for now...here is...


...a readme file......


/suspense???

Some 'more official words' to make this thing sound a little more
""""reasonable"""" :

>>> to provide a centralized, yet distributed, online community for e-commerce
>>> platforms, mutual aid networks, and journalistic data enterprises.

Hm, maybe that will make the press take this seriously?

Maybe that's the wrong tone to take, however...

Moving this convo to another file makes more sense!

At some point in this creation...


